My name is Shaukat Makandar.
I am 24.
I am not married.
I leave in pune.
I have completed my bachelors degree in computer applications from abeda inamdar collage in 2017.
I also completed my masters degree in computers applications from singh gad collage in 2020.
When i was doing My MCA i worked as tutor in Real academy.
I was Teaching there C,CPP Data Structure,java
Due to covid situation my father was job less at that time n my classes income was also stoped.

so,to survive in lockdown i join concentrix company ,so i also have 1 year of experiance in concentrix,but this was non It job for me.
after that to make career in IT sector i resigned that job....

from last 6th month im working as back-end java developer in Webassic It solutions.
I worked there on spring boot Framework,in this company my major role is to make apis as per the project requirements..

6th month before i had been rejected in CC tech twice because of my communication and lack of confidance,But now i am quit good in communication and still i am working on it.  

when i had rejected by this company twice then i took this as a possitive approach and i have achieved good knowledge of data strucrure
as well as cpp

in data structure i have implemented all major concepts like 

	1selection sort
	2insertion sort
	2bubble sort
	4quick sort

	1 static implementaion of stack
	2 dynamic implementation of stack

	1 static implementation of queue
	2 static implementation of circular queue
	3 dynamic implementaion of queue

	all operations of single and doubly linked list like

		1 create lits
		2 add first node
		3 add last node
		4 add at possition
		5 delete first node
		6 delete last node
		7 delete by possition
		8 display linked list
		9 reverse linked list
		10 sort linked list
		11 count node

i also implmented binary search tree with all 3 traversing technique like 
	
	in-order 
	pre-order 
	post-order

and i also have good knowledge of cpp like

whats virtual function
why to create virtual function
internal of virtual function

what is pure virtual function
what is abstract class

what is virtual base class
what is diamond problem

what is virtual destructor

what is polymorphism

what is overriding and in which siuation we have to do overriding

what is overloading

what is operator overloading



different tyes of pointer like

	wild pointers
	dangling pointer
	void pointer
	null pointer
	
what is referance variable in cpp	
	
what is deep copy and waht is shallow copy

what is copy constructor what is dynamic constructor	

5 key principles of oops
	
	Encapsulation
	Data hiding
	Abstraction 
	polymorphism
	Inheritance
	
what is inline function

what is friend fucntion
in which situation friend in usefull

static keywords in cpp

i also have the basic knowledge of STL	
	



